fix misspells and minor cleanup (#44)
squid-cache/squid-cache.github.io: docs/Features/NewLogging.md

    fixed multiple of the page size and hope the application malloc()
    doesn't recycle those pages too quickly. Grr\!
- Still, even at 10,000 req/sec with an average logging line length of

>     160 characters that's 1.52 megabytes a second of data to copy; not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    160 characters that is 1.52 megabytes a second of data to copy; not
```
